Illumination!
Mi, mi, mi!
Minion.
- Freeze!
- AVL!
Stop that lady!
- Yeah, baby!
- Attention, all units.
Haha,
you like that?
Whoo, baby! The Anti-Villain League
can't catch this.
Guess who stole the map?
Hallelujah!
I got this.
Woo.
Haha, good work.
The map to the legendary Zodiac Stone.
We will become the most powerful
villains in the world.
OK, let's get a move on.
We leave for Asia tonight.
Okay, let's see here...
I'm in.
Hello beautiful.
Hehehe
What is?
Aha, yes!
The Zodiac Stone.
Soon, the power of these unstoppable
beasts will be ours.
Oh, for crying out loud!
Hurry up!
I got a bunch of deadly
chopskis on my tail.
Roger that,
on the copy.
Step on it, sister.
Hurry up!
Come on!
I got it.
I got the stone.
Party's over old man.
The vicious six has a new head honcho.
You just got played, poor sucker!
Hold on,
I started this group.
We're a team!
Where's your loyalty?
Oh please, we're villains.
There's no such thing.
It's time for the next generation.
Quiet down, class.
People...
So, what do you want to be
when you grow up?
- Samantha.
- I wanna be a doctor.
Wonderful.
Bradly.
I want to be a teacher.
No, you do not.
- Ooh! Me! Me!
- Yes?
I want to be a fireman, who's also the
president and also drive race cars. Yeah!
Exciting.
And what about you, Gru?
Gru.
Me, I want to be...
a supervillain.
Loser!
- Kelly!
- Daddy!
- Brad!
- Mom!
Gru!
Kiss ala mama!
Oh, my favorite tiny relatives.
He's so handsome.
No.
Guys, come on.
Hey, I got an image
to uphold here.
Hey!
Okay.
Hey, are you guys
pumped for the movie?
Let's go.
Wait for it.
Oh!
I am a pinball wizard.
Swish!
Hello!
A little more.
Come on!
- Ugh!
- Put some of those sprinkles on there.
I like it,
like that.
Cheese ray! Cheese ray!
Cheese ray! Ha ha ha!
Don't cheese me, bro.
Thank you!
Mmm...
So creamy, so delicious.
With every calorie.
Bills, magazines,
S&H green stamps.
Huh?
Holy guacamole.
Where can we listen?
Where can we listen?!
Hello, Mr. Gru.
We've received your application
to the world's best
supervillain team,
The Vicious 6.
A recent opening
has become available.
- And...
- And?
Your interview is tomorrow at noon.
Woo hoo!
- Dy-no-mite!
- Dynamite!
Please go to
417 Main Street.
The password is
"you're no good".
"You're no good"
Mhm.
Now, get up on the
downstroke...
'Cause this invitation is
gonna explode, baby!
Explode?!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no!
Very big news, mom!
Blah!
Mom?
- Bruh!
- Blah!
Mom?
What?!
Mom, who is this sweaty guy?
He's stinking up the house.
I thought you were cooking cabbage.
He's my new guru.
Blah!
Bluhluhluh!
Tell your weird buddies
they better stop...
pulling their
weight around here
or I'm kicking them out.
They are killing
my mellow vibes.
Hey!
I heard that.
Come on! Let's go tell
the troops, the good news.
Gentlemen, to the basement.
AKA, our new evil lair.
This is fantastic!
Oh, it's such a good day, guys.
My first evil lair.
Goosebumps!
Well, you gotta break a few eggs
to make an omelette.
Am I right?
Oh.
Great job, Ryan!
- What?
- I said, "Great job."
- Alright!
- Never mind.
Adrianne! Mack!
Lookin' good!
Joe!
How's the family?
Hey!
Good, good.
Okay!
Everybody, get over here!
Now, listen up.
Buckle your overalls.
Hold on to your goggles.
The Vicious 6 wants
to meet me tomorrow.
Mini boss!
Alright, alright.
I'm not mini.
Please stop calling
me that. And also,
they haven't accepted me yet.
Hello, Otto.
What is it?
Ugh!
Blah, blah, blah.
Uh huh. Well, tha-
tha um-
Yes, I will...
Mhm.
I could...
Okay, you know it would be fun?
Let's play the quiet game.
Oh, oh, the quiet game.
Yes, yes.
Anyway, thanks for
the hard work today everyone.
I gotta go get some rest.
Tomorrow is the biggest day of my life.
Watch out, world.
Here comes Gru!
Mini boss!
I'm not...
Uhh...
Oh, these guys are the best.
I can't believe it.
Hello?
Uh, mini boss?
Can I sleep with you?
Yeah, I get it, but I need
a good night's sleep, so get out.
I had a nightmare.
I can't sleep.
Okay, fine, fine.
Because you had a
nightmare, but just tonight.
I'm not buying
the nightmare story, though.
Sorry...
Me too,
I also had a nightmare.
Oh really, you too?
- Mhm.
- Get in.
Thank you.
- Good night.
Yes, yes, yes.
Good night.
Good night!
I just want to get some sleep.
♫ V.N.C. ♫
Breaking news!
The Vicious 6 is ready to
rewrite the rules of villainy.
Villains of the world!
In three days, when
the clock strikes midnight
and the Chinese New Year begins,
this bad boys' power
is gonna be unleashed.
With the power of the Zodiac,
we're gonna take out
the Anti-Villain League.
And The Vicious 6 will be
the most powerful villains on the planet.
Can you dig it?
Do I dig it?
I don't dig it.
There's nothing to dig.
They thought they could leave me
for dead, huh?
Kick me to the curb
like a piece of old meat.
Oh, they got
no idea what's coming.
Oh, I'm gonna make them suffer
- for what they've done to me.
- Uh, Mr. Knuckles?
- Oh, boy!
- Hey, Mr. Knuckles!
What?!
We uhh... just wanted to make sure
we be getting paid this week.
What a mouth on you!
I'm paying you with knowledge.
You are?
Ow!
Lesson one,
always be prepared.
Lesson two,
The Belgium
Five-arm Nose-Pinch.
And lesson three,
The Lithuanian Haircut.
That's worth all the money in the world.
Hey guys, forget about it.
You're going to get paid.
But first, we got to
get my stone back!
♫ I see a bad Gru arising ♫
♫ I see a villain on his way ♫
Yee-haw!
♫ I'm gonna inter-gru with my heroes ♫
♫ They're gonna love me
'cause I'm the best ♫
♫ Don't mess up tonight ♫
♫ You're gonna join The Vicious 6 ♫
Yeah!
♫ Here is a bad Gru on the rise ♫
Guys!
We're ready...
for the interview!
Oh, you want to come?
- Of course.
- Yes, yes, yes.
Yeah.
Right, right...
Okay...
When you guys
tracked me down and
responded to my help wanted ad.
I was like,
"Who are these tiny tater tots?"
"And where did they get so much denim?"
And you're just wouldn't quit.
Ugh!
Alright!
I surrender.
Come on in.
Hey, Stuart.
We're having fun in here.
We've had some
great times since then,
But, the thing is...
The Vicious 6,
they're the big leagues.
And you guys...
are...
great...
And so...
Uh, the job you did on the lair.
A plus.
It's just...
What I was thinking is that there
are a lot of other villains in the world.
You know?
No!
Why?
We're family.
Never mind.
Look, I think I just need
to fly solo on this.
See you later, alligator.
Come on!
Stick with Gru.
Uh, Kevin?
Kevin!
Uh...
Sorry, sorry,
Kevin. Uh...
- Yes?
- You know, what's fun? Hide and seek.
Hide and seek?
Hide and seek!
I love that.
I love that. Woo-hoo!
- One, two, three.
- Let's go!
Come on.
Hup, hup, hup.
Wait...
Go! Go! Go!
Hey, I'm walkin' here!
Wow!
Here we go.
Excuse me!
Sir?
I was just wondering
if you're no good.
You're good. My mistake.
Oh, sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
I was just uh...
trying out this
new invention of mine.
I call it "sticky fingers"
or "smart goo."
I haven't quite landed on the name yet.
Come here.
I overheard you were looking
for something...
Special.
I, yes.
I was hoping you're no good.
I think you'll enjoy
listening in Booth 3.
Right this way.
This is it. Mums the word.
Keep it down. Good luck.
Let 'em have it, son.
Thanks, Mr...
Nefario.
That's Doctor Nefario.
Here, take this.
If you ever get famous,
remember who gave you your first gadget.
Okay.
Try backwards.
Ah.
Welcome to The Vicious 6.
Wow!
That is pretty cool.
Hello.
Everybody here for the interview?
Me too.
So what do you guys
got going on later?
Are you up to no good?
You're gonna get into some mischief?
Okay.
Send the first one in.
They're ready
to see you, Mr. Gru.
Oh, good.
Great!
Distinguished villains,
My name is Gru.
I feel like I'm talking too loud,
even though our proximity
doesn't require this kind of volume.
If you told me, when I was ten,
that I would have the chance to fill
the shoes of my favorite villain ever,
Wild Knuckles.
I would say, "You got
rocks in your head".
But now that I'm 11 and 3/4,
it makes a lot more sense.
All right,
who let the kid in?
I thought,
he was a tiny man.
What's wrong with you?
You seriously think a puny
little child can be a villain?
Umm, yes.
I, I am pretty despicable.
You don't want to cross me.
Evil is for adults
who steal powerful ancient stones
and wreak havoc.
And not for tubby little punks
who should be at school, learning,
taking a recess.
Sucker gets stomped.
Ha!
Sucky gets...
Come back when you've done
something to impress me.
Who's next?!
I am Wingman,
the next member of The Vicious 6.
Behold!
The power of flight, sir.
Alright, joke's over.
Showtime.
Ugh, this is a big one!
Yes, to the left.
That's right.
Bring him in!
Bring him in, boys!
He took the stone!
I'll get him!
Lock down the building!
I uh... I did...
Nothing to see here.
- Oh.
- Oh, look at you.
Frampton Comes Alive!
Nice choice.
I uh...
Just keep walking.
Who the heck is that?
A kid?
- Guys!
- Hello.
Mini boss!
What are you doing here?!
Okay, just get on.
Which way did he go?!
There's that little thief!
Go!
Go, go, go!
Split up!
Knock knock.
Delivery.
Are you okay, Otto?
The demon child!
Otto, take the stone back to the lair.
I'll distract them.
Go!
Go, go, go!
Uh, okay.
No, not now.
Come on,
come on!
Yeah, baby.
I'll handle this.
I hope you enjoy
the rest of your short life.
Please work.
Come on, come on, come on.
We're coming for you,
tiny man!
Yeah!
Woo hoo!
John, pump it up!
I pump up.
They all said the kid
couldn't be a real villain.
We-he-ell... This kid
just stole something
from the worst
villains in the world.
When I bring it back to them,
they're going to say...
"We have made a terrible mistake."
"Please join us."
"Please Gru"
and I will say...
Yes!
I will be the newest
member of The Vicious 6.
Now all I need is Otto.
Where is Otto?
No, not "Otto le komay".
He needs to come in now.
Otto!
- Mini boss!
- There you are!
Yeah!
Hehehe.
Ah!
You got it?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
I made sure
to bring the rock.
Is this...
Are you pulling on
my legs right now?
Otto, where's the stone?
The stone?
Ah, yes! The stone.
Ooh, it's a long story.
Bada-boom!
Oh, la la.
I fell in love.
My love!
I love you...
Oh, oh, oh,
I want that.
Wanna trade?
It's beautiful, no?
Did you just trade my future?
For a pet rock?!
Uh, yes...
Okay, Otto...
Where was this birthday party?
Uh, I remember there were
balloons like from the magazine.
I don't exactly remember the time...
This is unacceptable. Unacceptable!
I told you guys that you weren't
ready for the big leagues
and you have proven me correct.
All you do is mess everything up.
Up?
Pump it up!
Ugh! What?!
Turn off the music.
Ugh!
My mom was right.
You do not belong here.
You're fired.
I'm going to find that stone.
When I get home,
you all better be gone.
Wait, mini boss.
It's all my fault.
- And Otto, close your yapper!
- Oh.
- Josh.
- Yes, yes.
Uh, Gru.
Don't leave.
Please!
Kevin, no, I will be better
off on my own.
Mini boss!
Oh, no.
I'm sorry.
I thought you'd be impressed.
Could I just speak
to Belle Bottom?
She'll...
Aah!
Wild Knuckles!
You're alive?!
Wow, my favorite villain
is also my kidnapper.
This could be a great opportunity
if you don't kill me.
Shut up and give me the stone.
Ah, yes.
The stone.
Here's the thing about that.
Kind of a funny story.
Give it to him!
And...
It's all going to go south very quickly.
What the heck is this?
Where is it, boy?
I don't have it!
I know you're hiding
it somewhere.
I'm not, I'm not!
I swear!
Cross my heart and hope to die.
Stick a needle in my eye.
Don't actually do that though!
Somebody bring me a phone.
Call home!
It's ransom time.
No, no, no!
My mom will probably
pay you to keep me.
Good one.
Call!
Kevin!
Listen!
The telephone.
It's Gru!
Our Gru, come on!
Hello,
Mini boss residence.
Who is this?
Kevin.
Kevin Layminion.
Kevin lay what?
Layminion.
You kidding me?
You got henchmen?
Well, that's the end of that.
Mini boss?!
Listen, you.
Bring the stone to
me in San Francisco.
6830 Green Street, you got it?!
Now you got two days
or you are never gonna see
your little boss again.
Hello?
Aah!
Someone wants the stone!
Otto, where's the stone?!
Uh, I don't really remember much.
Um, there was a big boy
with very big hair.
Ah!
Ok, ok, ok.
No! No!
Not his tongue!
I don't believe that!
Tell us where the stone is!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Calm down.
Otto.
Describe the boy or
I'll break your goggles!
Okay, okay.
Yes, yes.
I'll describe him right,
this time.
- His hair was big. Big, right.
- Ah. Ok, ok, ok.
That's him.
The kid.
Otto, is that the kid
you gave the stone to?
Uh, yes, yes.
Okay!
Go, go, go!
Oh, ho, ho...
The stone.
Yes, I'll ask you again.
Where is the stone?
Gave that to my uncle.
It's more his style.
The, the, the stone!
Kevin!
Hey!
Give me back the stone!
Your uncle! Your uncle!
Where did he go?!
Ugh! I told you.
I don't know where he went,
you stupid Twinkies.
Uh, okay.
Bye.
Thank you
and bye-bye.
Oh!
Not cool, man.
How are we gonna find Gru?
Poor Gru.
Poor Gru!
San Francisco.
Oh!
That's where Gru is.
In San Francisco.
Let's go!
But, guys.
There used to be a tricycle here.
Shouldn't we look for Otto?
No,
we should find Gru.
Come on,
let's find Gru!
Let's rock and roll!
Time to get our stone back.
We're coming for you,
Mr. Gru!
Hallelujah!
Where!
Hello!
Uh, three tickets for San Francisco.
San Francisco?
Okay.
How will you be paying?
Uh?
No problemo!
Oh, great!
You know, if you have any hairballs,
we can upgrade you to 1st class.
Get out!
We need to find another way.
So, there I was.
We lost thrust in both engines
And I had to turn back
at LaGuardia.
Ooh, la la.
- Hey, Dolly.
- Hi!
Rwar!
Okay,
let's go.
Hello, peanut?
Oh!
Yes, please.
Peanut!
- Peanut!
- Uh?
Peanut?
- Peanut!
- Thank you.
- Peanut?
Hey, baby!
Peanut?
Alright, press the, the...
- That one!
- Hey!
- That's the right button!
- That's not right! It's wrong!
Stuart,
stop that!
Everything's fine.
Ooh!
Hello!
We're here?
Ah!
We've arrived.
And you see me.
You see me not.
You see me.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Ha-ha!
No!
No, ha-ha.
You got real moxie, kid.
Stealing from The Vicious 6.
I got moxie, really?
Did I just receive a
compliment from Wild Knuckles?
All my dreams are coming true right now.
Well, it's about to become your nightmare.
Welcome to my
newest torture device.
The Disco Inferno.
Your minions better get here
by sundown tomorrow.
Because if 48 hours
of disco don't kill ya,
the blade will.
Ooh!
Oooh!
No, no, no, no, no.
The stone!
- Hey!
- The stone!
The stone!
The stone...
The stone. The stone.
Walk faster.
Go, go, go.
Just a few more miles.
There!
Okay.
Looking at the map,
once we head here, Gru...
Uh, should be...
Up there!
Alright, let's go!
- Hup, hup, hup, hup, hup.
- My feet hurt.
- I'm tired.
- Are we there yet?
Bob!
Kevin!
No!
Hello!
Look at me!
Hey!
Next stop,
Green Street.
Bye-bye.
Hey! Hey!
You guys!
That's the house!
Come on!
Okay,
let's check it out.
Mini boss!
- And, I'm out.
- You're what?
We're close to saving...
- Mini boss.
- No, no, and no.
- I'm not doing it.
- Okay, Okay. Let's see...
Oh! Look.
You're a genius.
Listen to me,
we must be sneaky, hoo-hoo.
Quick!
Go, go, go.
Hey!
Quickly hide.
Hey...
Wait a minute.
Hello.
Oh, no!
Bob!
Would you like a flower?
Trespassers!
Get 'em!
Hey, yo!
Come back here!
Go, go.
Kevin!
Oh, okay.
In there!
Get your little butts back here!
OK, now.
You might feel a little pinch.
Oh, no!
Got you now.
Time to break some bones.
Any plans for the weekend?
Help us!
Take five deep breaths.
I'll be right back.
Hey!
You like picking
on little guys, huh?
Go take a nap, old lady.
Old lady?
I am a master of the ancient
Shaolin Art of Kung Fu.
Huh?
Get lost!
You come back to our place,
you're dead.
Uh, come on!
The lady knows Kung Fu.
Ah, thank you.
Thank you very much.
We wanted to ask you...
Shh shh shh...
You can thank me by going away.
I'm working.
But, can you teach us Kung Fu?
You? Want to learn Kung Fu?
Ah, Kevin.
Watch and learn.
Move.
Hey, girl.
Would you teach us
Kung Fu for smoochy-smoochy.
My teaching days are over.
This is my life now.
Teach us Kung Fu,
so we can save the mini boss.
Per...
Per favor.
Fine.
I will teach you.
Hey,
- those are not for you.
- I know. I know.
The name of the game
is sell, sell, sell.
Where's Gru?
How should I know?
What's with the costumes?
Halloween was four months ago.
You look stupid.
Buzz off. Shoo.
I'm getting my meat tenderizer.
Let me help you with that, dearie.
- Uh-uh, don't touch me.
- Now, where's the boy?
Please don't hurt us.
Oh, I didn't mean to scare you.
Don't worry,
we're not mad at him.
We just want to...
hire him.
Sorry,
the mini boss is gone.
Where is he?
Wild Knuckles.
San Francisco.
Wild Knuckles? He's alive?
And working with the kid?
- Hmm...
- Oh!
We're going to San Francisco.
- Let's hit it.
- Let's go.
You had better be paying for my roof.
Ay-ay-ay.
Pretty groovy, huh?
We begin with a basic kick.
Now, you.
Okay...
No kicking.
This is a melon hammer.
It's a weapon.
This is Fred.
He is a dummy.
Never underestimate a dummy.
Heh, dummy.
Hello, Fred!
Now, attack!
Woo-hoo!
You rock!
Doubt tells me,
"I cannot break this wood."
Uh-huh.
But doubt exists
only in the mind.
You know what I say
to my mind.
Now, you.
Kevin, Kevin, Kevin.
This is clearly not working!
Come on!
We're leaving!
Okay...
Clearly, we are not
ready for philosophy.
Let's just train.
Woah, woah, woah.
Okay, okay, okay.
Rest up.
Tomorrow's going
to be even worse.
What?
You're quitting?
I told you.
When I get that stone,
We're going to be unstoppable.
I have had enough.
There's nothing sadder
than an aging villain.
So long,
old man.
Guys, come on.
We're a team.
Hope you like it.
Hope you, uh...
Is this Heaven?
I just had to fire my henchmen.
You know why?
'Cause they weren't
getting the job done.
OK, I'm just gonna untie you now because I
I uh...
I, I need you to do some stuff
for me around the house.
It might be,
you know uh ...
kind of nice to have a...
little company around here.
Oh!
Oh, yeah.
Two villains just
doing some chores.
Who knows what kind of
trouble we could get into.
What's that?
That's your evil chuckle?
Obviously.
Well, it stinks.
You sound like a clown
who swallowed a kazoo.
Really?
Well...
You look like a wizard going
through an end of life crisis.
Easy there,
Don Rickles.
Who's Don Rickles?
The stone...
Dude!
I thought we lost you
there for a minute.
Hey, chill, chill.
Hey, you wanna
try this on, little dude?
The stone!
Hey, hey, hey, soul brother.
Where you jetting off to?
San Francisco.
Frisco Disco!
It's your lucky day, kid.
I'm heading up the coast.
I could drop you off on the way.
Yee-haw!
But now,
I'm with you,
A very cool, handsome guy
who has the stone.
Oh, look at that.
Let's visit.
Hey!
And you.
Hey, you!
Brother!
Start with the pool.
This place has gotta
be spick and span.
What are you doing?
You look like the overcooked turkey
my mom makes on Thanksgiving.
Oh, yeah.
I forgot to mention,
the pool is filled
with my pet crocodiles.
Yeah, well, well...
doesn't scare me.
Be careful.
I can't have you lose an arm
because they need you to
change some light bulbs after this.
Yeah.
Let me show you
how it's done.
Betsy,
knock it off!
Hey!
Whoa!
Oh,
oh, no.
Marvin, no, no!
Stop that!
Woah!
Help!
Oh, oh, no.
The net.
I got you!
I don't got you.
Take my hand.
I got ya.
You could have runned.
But you...
But you didn't.
I told you.
You are my favorite
villain in the world.
I could not let you get
eaten by crocodiles.
Even though, that would have
been kinda cool to watch.
So...
So you want to be
a great villain, huh?
That's all I ever wanted.
You want, uh...
I don't know.
You want me...
You want me to teach you a thing or two?
Mhmhm.
Many fighters have asked me,
"How did I become
a great master?"
Oh, hey!
Look up!
Even the smallest of us
are capable of great things.
You just dig down deep,
find your inner beast,
and...
Geshundheit...
Now, you try.
Aah!
Rawr.
Find your inner beast.
Stop this kick.
We have a lot more work to do.
Want a bite?
Sike!
Oh, no!
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I'll throw a fireball.
You fall down, okay?
Huh? Huh?
Pretty good, huh?
Kevin, Stuart, and Bob.
You are ready.
Let's save the mini boss.
No, no, no, no, no.
Ready for your Kung Fu
junior achievement badges.
They're dead.
First rule of heists,
always stay in character.
Got it, grandpa.
Say, do you mind
if we use the John?
Poindexter here, can't
hold it in till we get home.
The Bank of Evil.
It's showtime, kid.
Follow my lead and
don't forget your cue.
Hello, I uh...
I just need to cash this.
Oh, wowie zowie!
What a big bank!
How many
security guards are in here?
Who's this little guy?
Well, that's my grandson...
who still has not learned that
children should be seen and not heard.
Haha, kids.
I actually have a son of my own.
Blegh!
He look weird.
Oh, haha!
Don't listen to him.
Your son is very uh...
cute.
Aah!
Oh, no!
Aah, help!
I'm seeing a white light.
Helen, I'm coming for ya!
Helen, I'm coming for you...
Oh...
Help!
Help my...
my pop-pop.
Somebody help him.
What?
My grandpa!
We need a doctor!
This is the big one.
You hear that?
It's the sweet sound of angels.
Do something!
My life is flashing
before my eyes.
No, no, no!
The other way,
the other way.
All right.
Everyone stand back.
Uh-oh...
- Clear.
- Wait a minute, wait.
Don't give up on me now, buddy.
No, no, no.
I'm feeling better.
- Clear!
- Turn it off!
Maximum charge!
Clear!
Thank you!
You saved my grandpa.
Did we...
Did we do the heist?
Grandpa say the darnest things.
- You dropped this.
- Um...
Look what I got!
Hey!
Not bad!
Not bad at all.
We make a good team.
We do?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, we got to keep at it.
Wait'll you see what I'm
gonna teach you next.
I cannot wait.
Oh, this is gonna be fun.
Open the door.
Gru...
Mini boss...
Okay.
Stuart, over there.
Bob, there.
Time to strike.
- Mini boss! Where are you?
- Hello!
They're not here.
Fan out and find them.
Bob!
Stuart!
They're heading
into the city, come on.
Something big is going
down in Frisco.
Oh, look up!
Ooh!
Beautiful.
- Whoo! There it is.
- Woah!
I can't believe we're finally here.
It's been one heck
of a ride, little man.
Awh, dude!
You know, I'm gonna miss you.
I'm here for Mini boss,
so I guess this is goodbye.
Hey, soul brother!
Good luck!
Nice meeting you!
My friend...
You're now gonna
learn from the old school.
What?
Oh no...
I can't believe they...
did this to me!
I...
I taught them
everything they know.
We were a team.
Oh...
I give up.
Hey.
You are a great bad guy.
And they are stupid idiots.
Only dream I ever had was
doing bad stuff with my buddies.
Now, look at me.
I'm old...
alone...
Well...
You are old.
But you're not alone.
Alright.
Listen up, buster.
We are starting a new team
and it's going to be called
The Terrible Twos.
We can find
a better name later.
But right now, we
are going to find that stone
and show everybody
that you still got it.
Come on, you're
just a little kid.
It's over.
Go home.
- But you said we...
- Go home!
Otto?
- Yee-haw!
- Otto!
Otto!
Mini boss!
Oh!
Hey!
Hahaha.
Otto!
You found the stone?!
Otto, I'm so proud of you!
Alright, we don't
have much time.
- We got to get this to Wild Knuckles.
- Oh, okay! Okay!
Get him!
Go, go, go!
Long time no see, punk.
I'll take that.
Yes!
- Don't move!
- Hold it right there!
- Get on the ground!
- Freeze!
Anti-Villain League.
You are under arrest.
The police.
Woah, woah, woah,
everybody...
Did you forget what time it is?
Happy New Year!
Fire!
I don't believe it!
Stand your ground.
- Look out!
- Woah!
Be careful!
I'm outta here!
Oh!
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, NO!
Where do you think
you're going? Hmm?
You stole from us,
and now you're gonna pay.
Run faster!
Enjoy being torn apart.
Hey, let go of
the mini boss.
Guys!
Oh...
Why don't we make
this a fair fight?
Look at you!
Oh...
You thought I was serious?
Run!
No!
Aah!
Hello, traitors!
Remember me?
You!
You can leave me for dead,
You destroy everything I own,
but I will not let
you hurt that kid.
Oh...
So you're gonna save the kid?
Yeah, you and what army?
This army!
Okay...
This army.
Dig down deep.
Find your inner beast.
Coming!
Otto!
Hurry!
Faster!
Gotcha!
Throw it!
Go, go, go!
Get away from him!
Destroy the kid!
No!
How does it feel to be beaten
by the crappy little bug?
You guys were amazing!
The Kung Fu,
where did that come from?
Obviously, you guys are re-hired.
Check this out.
Look at his chin.
Look, it jiggles.
It's all yours, sir.
Where do you want it?
- Take that package...
- Can you feel this, sir?
- Right here? There we go.
- He has second, third-degree burns.
Oh, no.
Wild Knuckles.
- Gru.
- Hey,
You're gonna be OK, right?
Don't worry about me, kid.
I'll be fine.
Finally.
You're going away
for a long, long time.
Yeah, well,
I wouldn't bet on it.
No.
See you soon, kiddo.
Ooh, la la.
Wild Knuckles
was my favorite villain.
We didn't have
much time together,
but the time we did have...
I'm so grateful for
I've been thinking about how you
won't see me grow up
or be there for all the
terrible things that I'm going to do.
Believe me,
they're gonna some awful things.
But I'm going to make you proud.
I'm going to be the best villain
ever because of you.
Because you taught
me what matters,
you can't do anything alone.
Find your tribe.
And never ever let them go.
- Otto.
- Yes.
You better stay out of trouble, kid.
I will lead a
good and honest life.
You're alive?!
You just blew my mind.
How did you do that?
I cannot wait to fake my
own death to avoid the authorities.
Shoot for the moon, kid.
Shoot for the moon.
See you later, suckers.
Wait!
Stop!
Wait for me!
Sorry, we're closed.
I just, wanted to
thank you for this.
Worked like a charm.
Alright, let me cut
to the chase here.
I need a genius mad scientist.
You want to come work for me?
No, I am done with villainy,
off to happier horizons.
Goodbye, you little chap.
Please?
Cheep?
Ohhh...
All right, all right.
Fine.
Stop with the face.
I'm in.
Wanna see something cool?
Oh!
Are you kidding me?
Big boss!
Big boss, I like that.